To start with, the movie i picked is a movie i loved watching when i wat younger.
The movie i picked is the dance movie: Step Up. 
Step Up is a romantic comedy made in 2006. 

Looking at the 3 recommendation files for the dataset moviesFromMetacritic:

Title: since Step Up has a few other movies,
on before hand it was already clear for me that these movies will pop up when looking at the title.
You see 3 different Step up movies with the same rank on the top of the list.
But besides these 4 we see 4 other movies with the same rank.
The other 4 movies i don't know and are of course only recommended since the title is similar.

Summary: in this part the summary is compared to the other summarys.
I think it is funny to see that the highest is another step up movie.
This way it is clear that the movies are quite a like. 
The second movie with highest rank is: Hot tub time machine. 
I looked up this movie but i don't completely understand why this movie came up so high.
It has nothing to do with dance.
All the other movies in the top 5 are dance and music related so a nice recommendation i think.

Starring: In Step Up, Channing Tatum is the lead player.
In the starring recommendations it is clear that all the ranks are quite low. 
But all the movies who have a rank are movies where Channing Tatum has a role.
Interesting to see is that all the ranks are the same.

To conclude,
I think that the recommendations for Title are not so super interesting,
since here there is a recommendation made for a few words. 
These words do not have to have any relation to the kind of movie it is and you're probably are looking for.
For Summary and Starring the recommendations are a lot more interesting i think.
For Summary you get related themes of movies and with Starring you get movies where the lead player has a rol in aswell.

 
Now looking at the XYZ files for the dataset UserReviews:
List X: In this list all  the authors of the dataset are filterd and put in this one list.

List Y: In list Y i filterd from all these authors, the group of authors that wrote a review about Step Up.
In the list i see that there are 37 authors who wrote a review about the movie. To check the score i added 

List Z: In list Z i looked at all the other reviews the authors of list Y wrote about other movies.
The 37 authors wrote almost 1600 other reviews together which is an average of 43 reviews per author.

The python code takes a bit longer than 9 seconds to run.
